Time Frame Selector Revised (#1181)
Graylog2/documentation: pages/searching/time_frame_selector.rst

> Time Frame Selector

Reviewer: I know this page existed before this PR, but the application uses the words "Time range" on-screen instead of "Time frame". I think the docs should be consistent with the words the app uses, and I don't see "frame" being used in the app.

What do you think? Does it make sense to replace all instances of "frame" in this document with "range"?

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3423655/123155435-bded6280-d42d-11eb-9e9e-b72a79a1ed63.png)

Author: Totally agree with this. Finally getting to updating this.

Reviewer: As discussed with @dulanism, this difference will be resolved later.

-------------------

The Time frame selector allows you to pull specific time ranges from your Graylog data. 
This feature will help you and other Graylog users analyze issues that affect multiple aspects 
of your environment. Most importantly, the tool offer multiple ways to filter time ranges 
you need for success.

.. image:: /images/searching/time_frame_selector_wide.png

> To that end, the tool's ability to help you queries can help you perform such actions as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To that end, the tool helps you to build queries can help you perform such actions as:
```
This part was a little unclear to me, so I am wondering if this wording helps.

Author: Yeah, the possessive is weird since a "tool" is not a person. Your suggestion works.

* understanding and responding to data breaches, broken processes, and other security incidents
* troubleshoot systems and networks
* understand the behaviors of your users
* conducting forensics activities
  

Time Frame Options
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
You can access the Selector from the Search menu.

To access the window, click the clock icon. A dialog pops up, offering the following ranges:

* Relative
* Absolute
* Keyword

Relative time frame selector
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> The relative time frame selector lets you look for messages from the selected option to the time you 
> hit the search button. The selector offers a wide set of relative time frames that fit most of your 
> search needs, including an *All Time* option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The relative time frame selector lets you search for messages within time ranges relative to ``now`` or another date of your choosing. The selector offers a wide set of relative time frames that fit most of your search needs, including an *All Time* option.
```
I know this existed before, but the wording felt like it could be improved. This previous part was not fully correct: "to the time you hit the search button". My wording suggestion is still not that great. Perhaps you have another suggestion.

Author: Added a minor update to your suggestion.

  
* The *Until* date allows relative time ranges to end at a specific period instead of default to the current time/date.

Absolute time frame selector
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

When you know precisely the boundaries of your search, use the absolute time frame selector. This filter 
provides an accordion to separate the Calendar from Timestamp inputs.

This option displays an accordion containing two options:

* Calendar
* Timestamp

In the Calendar option, use the hourglass icon to jump from the very beginning of the day (00:00:00.000) to 
the very end of the day (23:59:59.99).

To understand, Calender in more detail, consider the functions of *Until* and *From* on the Calendar option:

* *Until* defaults to disabling all dates previous to the selected *From* date
* *From* date will disable all previous dates if you configure a *Query Time Range Limit* (in the *System > Configurations* page)

.. image:: /images/searching/absolute_selector_calendar.png

You can use the magic wand icon for both Calendar and Timestamp.

* In *Calendar*, the icon updates the *Time* to the current time but does not modify the date in the calendar

> * In *Timestamp*, the icon updates the entire *Timestamp* to the current date and time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In *Timestamp*, the icon updates the entire *Timestamp* to the current date and time
```
Removing period character for consistency with other points that also don't have periods.

Author: Appreciate the eagle eye

.. image:: /images/searching/absolute_selector_timestamp.png

Keyword time frame selector
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Graylog offers a keyword time frame selector that allows you to specify the time frame for the search in natural 
language like *last hour* or *last 90 days*. The web interface shows a preview of the two actual timestamps that 
will be used for the search.

> .. image:: /images/searching/keyword_time_selector.png

Reviewer: This image is not found. It looks like the rename might not have been committed.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3423655/123157869-b1b6d480-d430-11eb-8656-80ebfae7c16a.png)

Author: Oh no.

Author: Fixed.
